# SNHU-CS305

Artemis Financial is a company that helps many individuals succeed in their financial plans. They are looking for a secure approach to their financial application, including the most modern and updated secure operations. As a secondary request, they asked if we could add a file verification measure to help with security as well. Running the dependency check was the best thing I could do for this client. It was used to help find the different security vulnerabilities. It is very important to code securely and watch for all sorts of vulnerabilities. Without coding securely, sensitive data could be opened for unwanted eyes to see, or open to a software takeover. Another reason it is important to code securely is because it is trust. Your client would trust you more and come back for future security issues and the client's users will trust the client knowing their personal data is being protected.

The most challenging part of the vulnerability assessment was making the checksum work. The assignment instructions were not very clear and read as if we had taken previous classes about some of this info. The most useful part of the assignment was learning how to do a dependency check. One way to help add a layer of security is to use cryptography. Adding in a hash operation to help secure data transfers, keeps the data protected from prying eyes. Using a dependency check allows me to clean up certain vulnerabilities. After refactoring the code, we ran a new dependency check which allowed us to validate that no new vulnerabilities were added to the software. For future employment, I would show the refactored code that is used to do a checksum. This ability I feel will be very useful in the future.
